
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
1 Corinthians 13:13 KJV

And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:2 KJV

Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.
1 Corinthians 13:4-7 KJV

But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 15:57-58 KJV

Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong. Let all your things be done with charity.
1 Corinthians 16:13-14 KJV

Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.
1 Corinthians 1:10 KJV

What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.
1 Corinthians 6:19-20 KJV

Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.
1 Corinthians 6:9-10 KJV

Give thanks unto the LORD, for he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.
1 Chronicles 16:34 KJV

But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee.
1 Chronicles 29:14 KJV

If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
1 John 1:9 KJV

He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.
1 John 2:6 KJV

Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
1 John 3:16 KJV

And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.
1 John 4:16 KJV

We love him, because he first loved us.
1 John 4:19 KJV

And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us.
1 John 5:14 KJV

Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do.
1 Thessalonians 5:11 KJV

Rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18 KJV

And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Thessalonians 5:23 KJV

Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort; Who comforteth us in all our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble, by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God.
2 Corinthians 1:3-4 KJV

Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
2 Corinthians 3:17 KJV

While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.
2 Corinthians 4:18 KJV

For we walk by faith, not by sight.
2 Corinthians 5:7 KJV

Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.
2 Corinthians 9:7 KJV

If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
2 Chronicles 7:14 KJV

And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.
2 Thessalonians 3:5 KJV

For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
2 Timothy 1:7 KJV

All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.
2 Timothy 3:16-17 KJV

I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith.
2 Timothy 4:7 KJV

And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness.
Colossians 3:14 KJV

And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men; Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.
Colossians 3:23-24 KJV

Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving.
Colossians 4:2 KJV

Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
Deuteronomy 31:6 KJV

And the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be dismayed.
Deuteronomy 31:8 KJV

And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart: And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
Deuteronomy 6:6-7 KJV

In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace.
Ephesians 1:7 KJV

For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.
Ephesians 2:8-9 KJV

That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man; That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love.
Ephesians 3:16-19 KJV

With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love.
Ephesians 4:2 KJV

And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.
Ephesians 4:32 KJV

See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
Ephesians 5:15-16 KJV

Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Ephesians 6:11 KJV

I thank my God upon every remembrance of you.
Philippians 1:3 KJV

I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
Philippians 4:13 KJV

Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
Philippians 4:4 KJV

Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:6-7 KJV

Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
Philippians 4:8 KJV

I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.
Galatians 2:20 KJV

For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ.
Galatians 3:26-27 KJV

But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.
Galatians 5:22-23 KJV

And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
Galatians 5:24 KJV

Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Hebrews 11:1 KJV

Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
Hebrews 4:16 KJV

And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.
Acts 16:25 KJV

And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
Acts 16:31 KJV

Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and not be afraid: for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation.
Isaiah 12:2 KJV

O LORD, thou art my God; I will exalt thee, I will praise thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth.
Isaiah 25:1 KJV

He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength.
Isaiah 40:29 KJV

The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
Isaiah 40:3 KJV

But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
Isaiah 40:31 KJV

Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.
Isaiah 41:10 KJV

For I the LORD thy God will hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not; I will help thee.
Isaiah 41:13 KJV

When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee.
Isaiah 43:2 KJV

Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, and whose hope the LORD is. For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit.
Jeremiah 17:7-8 KJV

For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
Jeremiah 29:11 KJV

Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.
Jeremiah 29:12-13 KJV

Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh: is there any thing too hard for me?
Jeremiah 32:27 KJV

Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not.
Jeremiah 33:3 KJV

Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
Joshua 1:9 KJV

The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
John 10:10 KJV

Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?
John 11:25-26 KJV

Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?
John 11:40 KJV

Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
John 14:27 KJV

Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
John 14:6 KJV

This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.
John 15:12 KJV

Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
John 15:13 KJV

These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
John 16:33 KJV

And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
John 1:14 KJV

For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
John 3:16 KJV

And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.
John 6:35 KJV

And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
John 8:32 KJV

And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valour.
Judges 6:12 KJV

For with God nothing shall be impossible.
Luke 1:37 KJV

But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Mark 10:14 KJV

Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
Mark 11:24 KJV

Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Mark 9:23 KJV

For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.
Matthew 10:20 KJV

Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:28 KJV

But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 19:14 KJV

But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.
Matthew 19:26 KJV

For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you.
Matthew 6:14 KJV

Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:
Matthew 6:19 KJV

But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Matthew 6:33 KJV

For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
Matthew 7:8 KJV

Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few; Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.
Matthew 9:37-38 KJV

The LORD bless thee, and keep thee: The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee: The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.
Numbers 6:24-26 KJV

The liberal soul shall be made fat: and he that watereth shall be watered also himself.
Proverbs 11:25 KJV

Commit thy works unto the LORD, and thy thoughts shall be established.
Proverbs 16:3 KJV

A man's heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his steps.
Proverbs 16:9 KJV

A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
Proverbs 17:17 KJV

He that covereth a transgression seeketh love; but he that repeateth a matter separateth very friends.
Proverbs 17:9 KJV

The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.
Proverbs 18:10 KJV

He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righteousness, and honour.
Proverbs 21:21 KJV

Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.
Proverbs 22:6 KJV

As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man.
Proverbs 27:19 KJV

For the LORD giveth wisdom: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 2:6 KJV

Let not mercy and truth forsake thee: bind them about thy neck; write them upon the table of thine heart: So shalt thou find favour and good understanding in the sight of God and man.
Proverbs 3:3-4 KJV

Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Proverbs 3:5-6 KJV

Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.
Proverbs 4:23 KJV

For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.
Romans 11:36 KJV

I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Romans 12:1-2 KJV

Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;
Romans 12:12 KJV

Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.
Romans 15:13 KJV

For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.
Romans 1:17 KJV

But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
Romans 8:11 KJV

And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Romans 8:28 KJV

Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
Psalms 103:1 KJV

Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
Psalms 119:105 KJV

The LORD shall preserve thee from all evil: he shall preserve thy soul. The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore.
Psalms 121:7-8 KJV

Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!
Psalms 133:1 KJV

Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust: cause me to know the way wherein I should walk; for I lift up my soul unto thee.
Psalms 143:8 KJV

The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth.
Psalms 145:18 KJV

He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds.
Psalms 147:3 KJV

Let every thing that hath breath praise the LORD. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 150:6 KJV

Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfil all thy counsel.
Psalms 20:4 KJV

Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Psalms 42:11 KJV

What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee.
Psalms 56:3 KJV

My flesh and my heart faileth: but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion for ever.
Psalms 73:26 KJV

The LORD is thy keeper: the LORD is thy shade upon thy right hand.
Psalms 121:5 KJV

Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:
Psalms 139:23 KJV

The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, and my high tower.
Psalms 18:2 KJV

The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Psalms 23:1 KJV

Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart, all ye that hope in the LORD.
Psalms 31:24 KJV

The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
Psalms 34:18 KJV

I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for thou, LORD, only makest me dwell in safety.
Psalms 4:8 KJV

Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.
Psalms 51:10 KJV

I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works.
Psalms 9:1 KJV

But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
James 1:22 KJV

But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
James 1:6 KJV

Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.
James 5:13 KJV

Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah.
Psalms 68:19 KJV

And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless thy bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee.
Exodus 23:25 KJV

The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.
Psalms 51:17 KJV

But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.
1 Corinthians 7:9 KJV

If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work. A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach; One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;
1 Timothy 3:1-2 KJV

And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;
Luke 18:1 KJV

And he saw also a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites. And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all: For all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had.
Luke 21:3-4 KJV

But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.
2 Corinthians 9:6 KJV

A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh.
Luke 6:45 KJV

Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth. Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!
James 3:4-5 KJV

But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil.
2 Thessalonians 3:3 KJV

For who hath stood in the counsel of the LORD, and hath perceived and heard his word? who hath marked his word, and heard it?
Jeremiah 23:18 KJV

But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.
Jeremiah 23:22 KJV

Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.
1 Peter 5:7 KJV

Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Proverbs 31:30 KJV

For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.
2 Corinthians 7:10 KJV

Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.
Exodus 20:3-4 KJV

I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.
Isaiah 42:8 KJV

Turn ye not unto idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:4 KJV

Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men's hands. They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not: They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not: They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not: neither speak they through their throat. They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in them.
Psalms 115:4-8 KJV

Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.
1 Corinthians 10:14 KJV

Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
Galatians 5:19-21 KJV

For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also rejected thee from being king.
1 Samuel 15:23 KJV

Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.
Romans 1:22-23 KJV

Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.
1 John 5:21 KJV

They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.
Jonah 2:8 KJV

Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god:
Psalms 16:4 KJV

Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble.
Jeremiah 11:12 KJV

And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.
Revelation 9:20-21 KJV

They have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save.
Isaiah 45:20 KJV

Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.
1 Corinthians 10:7 KJV

Their land also is full of idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:
Isaiah 2:8 KJV

Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten image, an abomination unto the LORD, the work of the hands of the craftsman, and putteth it in a secret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 27:15 KJV

Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face: should I be enquired of at all by them?
Ezekiel 14:3 KJV

Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, covetousness, which is idolatry:
Colossians 3:5 KJV

And thy renown went forth among the heathen for thy beauty: for it was perfect through my comeliness, which I had put upon thee, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 16:14 KJV

And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none.
Ezekiel 22:30 KJV

Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:
1 Peter 5:8 KJV

And said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein: For I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her.
Zechariah 2:4-5 KJV

Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 4:6 KJV
